hi thriller recaps here today i am going
to explain a romantic and drama movie
called fidelity
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
at the starting of the movie we see lena
and sergey who were a married couple
they were talking with each other after
some time sergei goes to sleep he kisses
lena and goes to the bed
leah wanted to stop him at the morning
lena wants to have romance with sergey
but sergey was sleeping but when he
wakes up he wasn't interested in lena he
puts his dress on and goes to work lena
also goes to the hospital because she
was a doctor at the night lina goes to a
party and she calls sergey to come with
her
sergey was tired so he says i can't come
i'm going for sleep
then lean in doubt that sergei has an
affair with someone so he is not
interested in her
after that lena goes to a beach with a
guy they talk with each other and after
some time the guy starts to kiss her but
lena stokes him
and she says i don't want to do this
over here
she asks him to go to a hotel
then that guy takes her to a hotel and
he books a room but that guy didn't have
enough money so he asked 200 from her
then they have sex over there but lena
was not satisfied with that guy at
morning lena comes to the home where
sergey was sleeping lena start to do
oral sex with him
sergei wakes up and says what are you
doing
lena replies in anger i don't remember
when we had sex last time
next day lena follows sergey carr
because she has doubt that sergei is
cheating her at the same time she
crashes with a car then she goes to a
garage to repair her car
she meets a guy over there he offers
lena to come with him lena accept it
then she goes with him they intimate in
the car
then lena brings him to a beach there
they have sex and the police also arrive
there
that man runs from there then the police
arrest lena for having sex on the beach
one day lena meets a woman in the
hospital she introduces her husband to
lena
he was the same guy from that garage
seeing him lena feels guilty and goes
inside but that guy comes to her cabin
and force her lena push him outside and
starts crying after some days lena and
sergey goes for a vacation then a
message comes to lina's phone which was
from the same guy he had sent dirty
pictures to her and he tells her that he
wants to have sex with her when they
both were in the beach lena asks sergey
that what has happened to their sex life
and why don't he sex with her
sergey says that he feels weird having
sex with her he doesn't have interest in
sex
lena asks do you have a fair with
somebody
sergey says no
then leena starts crying and sergey asks
her why are you crying
lena tells she thought that sergei had
affair with someone else
so she had sex with many guys to take
revenge from him but that wasn't like
that sergei didn't had any affair
so she feels bad because she had cheated
on him then they come to the home and
sergey goes to the office
lena checks her phone and there were
many messages from that guy
then lena blocks him when sergei comes
back he kisses lena and says i love you
but now also nothing happens between
them
and morning lena goes to the market
where she sees a man who was talking on
the phone
lena goes to the same place where that
man was then she intimates with him when
lena arrives home she was drunk then she
intimate with sergey too next day when
lena goes to the hospital that women had
find out that lena had sex with her
husband then she slaps lena lena reaches
home at the night then sergey openly
asks her did you have fun with that guy
sergei has find out everything he asks
everything in detail to her he asks did
you take his sperm in
lena replies no i didn't we had used
condom then sergey tells lena to leave
from there at the night lena stays in
the hospital
sergei comes to the hospital in the
morning and he kisses lena and says i
love you to her at the end sergey asks
lena do you want to have sex with that
man once again lena says we will not
talk about it from now
sergey says it was not your fault it's
the human nature and the movie ends here
you